Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Check the replay.
Slo-mo.
Told you that motherfucker
was scandalous.
Now we get to break him off
somethin'.
He wouldn't have did it if he
didn't have somebody in houston
to help him get that package.
I wanna know who it is.
Wickey. set it up
for saturday.
I wanna do it someplace
way out. where nobody is.
off the track.
I got just the ticket. KJ.
[ Shouting. grunting ]
- stay back!
- shit!
Here! I stole from
jesus christ! Hide it!
Fifth floor. my apartment.
I never told. Here. Take it.
Take it! Save my soul!
Take it easy!
We'll get you out!
Come on!
Forgive me. jesus!
- we're trying
to save your life!
- [ Screaming ]
God!
[ Groans ]
[ Reverse alarm beeping ]
[ Buzzer buzzes ]
Hey. don.
Remember what
that old guy said about
burning in hell and all?
There's
an envelope here.
I've been going through it.
fillin' out the report.
and I think I figured out
what he meant.
It's pretty wild.
"Orgill brothers
and company.
Eugene delong.
Employee I.d. Card."
Eugene delong
was the old man.
Now read this.
"St. Louis herald.
february 23. 1940.
"Catholic church
looted and vandalized.
"Thieves broke into
St. Anthony's church
last night...
"And made off with a fortune
in religious articles.
Objects. most of which
were pure gold. were on
special exhibit from europe."
It's gold. Solid gold.
Sweet jesus.
I think it was ol' eugene
that robbed this church.
Think? I'd say there ain't
no question about it.
We just solved a crime.
a 50-year-old crime.
Wow.
That's pretty wild.
Hey. vince. I think
our ship just come in.
This. my friend.
is a treasure map.
¶ [ Man Singing Country ]
All I'm saying is.
come saturday. why not drive
up to east St. Louis.
find this factory
and take a look around?
I got a metal detector at home.
This buddy of mine and I
used to go prospecting with it.
We bring some tools.
We check out the floor.
If there ain't nothin' there.
it ain't no loss.
- and if there is.
like I said. why not?
- because it's crazy. don.
We can't just walk
in a factory and start
ripping up their floor.
I called St. Louis information.
There ain't no listing
for orgill brothers company.
They're out of business.
Don. the deal is.
the guy robbed a church.
Even if the stuff
was still there. we couldn't
just take it for ourselves.
Why not?
The statute of limitations
on burglary is what?
Ten. 15 years max.
Well--
I mean. they probably
already collected
on the insurance anyhow.
You bet your ass
they did.
It's a million dollars
in gold. vince.
It could be just laying there
waiting for us. This could be
the greatest thing we ever did.
¶ [ Continues ]
[ Boat horn blows ]
I'm pretty sure we head south
once we get over the bridge.
That's east St. Louis
over there on the left.
Orgill brothers should be
about a mile south of town.
Then south it is.
pard.
You tell your girl
where we're going today?
You kiddin'?
I don't want her to think
I'm completely nuts.
I told her we were going
on a department field exercise.
So it's serious
between you two. huh?
Weddin' bells?
Well. maybe.
Been getting along
pretty good lately.
She's been real nice.
Well. I hope you have
better luck than I did.
- what happened with you two?
You just couldn't get along?
- yeah. that about explains it.
What the hell you gonna do?
Least we didn't have kids.
Hey. remember what I said
about keeping quiet if we score
so the I.RS. Don't find out?
That goes double for vickie.
I don't want her
getting her hands on my share.
not one thin dime.
Don't look like nobody
lives there. does it?
I guess that figures.
We're about a mile
off the highway and close to
two miles outside of town.
That means if we find it
we don't have to
cut anybody else in.
Let's see.
Now. old eugene's map--
he's got it between
these two others.
so I'd make it
that building right there
with the fire escape.
- fifth floor. right?
- Yeah.
That'd be where those
arched windows are.
Ain't gon' leave it
parked out here though.
Somebody comes along.
the vandals are gonna have
a field day with this thing.
Let's pull around back.
see if we can park it
out of sight.
[ Engine off ]
We'll have to cut through
the basement of that building
back there.
but at least
the truck'll be safe.
Goddamn.
You always drive around
packin'?
Like the man says.
don't leave home without it.
especially when you go
to east St. Louis.
Ol' eugene's tenement's
just the other side
of that building behind us.
All we gotta do is
find the fifth floor.
Vince. old buddy.
let's get rich.
[ Truck doors lock ]
Let's cut on through here.
Man. when I was a kid.
I loved breaking into
empty buildings
and going exploring.
Always wanted to find
some lost treasure
or a dead body.
[ Chuckles ]
Or a ghost.
Get my picture
in the local paper.
you know.
"Local kid finds
jesse james's gun."
Be a big hero.
[ Bottle clatters ]
[ Rats squeaking ]
Yes. sir. when I was 10
I would've thought this was
the greatest place on earth.
When you find that gold
it will be.
Tell you one thing.
Guys that built this place
sure knew construction.
It's like the damn pyramids.
It's gon' outlast all of us.
Here. let's try
on up this way.
[ Thud ]
Watch out.
This step's loose.
Man. this place
is really wild.
All these stairways
and passages.
[ Chuckles ]
No wonder ol' eugene
had to draw himself a map.
[ Rhythmic
squeaking ]
Hey. you hear that?
What do you think
it is?
Shh.
[ Squeaking continues ]
Behind this door.
[ Wind whistling ]
Jesus christ.
Oh. god. that stinks.
[ Coughing ]
Oh. god! Oh.
What was that you said
about wanting
to find a body?
What the hell happened
to his face?
I think rats
must have chewed it.
His hands too.
God. that's rank.
[ Exhales ]
Look.
Poor bastard even had
his shoes on the wrong feet.
Yeah. The draft in here
is making the body swing.
Come on.
Let's close this up.
[ Rats squeaking ]
I guess we gotta
report this.
We'd better find
some local cop and tell him.
Hey. bullshit.
This ain't
none of our business.
East St. Louis cops
can solve their own damn cases.
How long do you think
that guy's
been hangin' there?
Couple of months. maybe.
Maybe a little more.
Suicide. I figure.
Suicide?
How do you know
it wasn't murder?
Nobody murders somebody
by hangin' 'em.
But people who kill
themselves like to be found.
They usually leave notes.
What if it was murder?
You've been watching
too much television. vince.
You're beginning to sound
like geraldo.
Hey. all I'm saying is.
I think we oughta report it.
That's all.
Look. I didn't come
all the way up here to worry
about some old stiff...
Who's probably
been dead for months.
You wanna report it?
Fine.
But let's report it
on the way home.
All right?
I mean. the guy
ain't goin' anywhere.
Okay.
Okay. I guess you're right.
You're damn right
I'm right.
And I'll tell you
somethin' else
I'm right about.
This is the fifth floor.
and behind that door--
that's where eugene
stashed his gold.
What'd I tell you.
vince?
This vestibule
must lead to where
the apartments were.
I'd say old eugene knew
what he was talking about.
Hey.
[ Door slams ]
Look at that.
Peep slot.
Old-fashioned security.
We're gonna
find that gold. vince.
I can smell it.
All right.
now. here we are.
Back from
the third window.
I'd make that one
the third.
So maybe round
in there. huh?
Let's find out.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Steady beeping ]
[ Beeping accelerates ]
There it is. vince.
Told you.
Didn't I tell you
it was gon' be here?
Stand back.
Go on.
Go on!
Hit that thing!
[ Laughing ]
Come on. vince!
[ Laughing continues ]
I knew we was
gon' find it!
Shit! Just some pipe
and an old junction box.
We're probably gonna find
lots of this kind of stuff.
This could take longer
than we thought.
I'm gonna keep scanning
the floor.
If I get a signal.
we dig it up.
And if you see anything.
you let me know.
Okay.
Hey. how come
you get the easy job?
It's my metal detector.
[ Scoffs ]
¶ [ STEREO: Rap ]
Whose wheels. man?
I don't know.
I'm gon' drive
all around this place.
and I'd better not
see any more cars
other than wickey's. right?
Why you going off on me. goose?
I don't know whose car that is.
Give me a break.
All right. lucky.
Don't let this be
no okie though.
[ Grunting ]
Hey. don.
Find anything?
Just some more
damn pipe.
I'm gonna check
on through there.
Yeah. you do that.
[ Screams ]
[ Both grunting ]
Don!
Don. get him off me! Don!
Freeze. asshole!
Don't shoot. man! Come on!
Don't shoot me. man!
Get up! Shut up!
What you doin'
jumping him like that?
Piss on him.
I thought he was a crackhead
trying to steal my money.
Who are you? Talk!
I didn't take that from nobody!
It's all the money I got!
What are you doing here?
I live here.
What you think. dumb-ass?
I been hidin' in the back
ever since you come.
What's your name?
Bradlee.
Well. guess what. Mr. Bradlee.
You're trespassing here.
You're full of shit.
Don't nobody own this building.
I got a good mind to bust you.
Give me a break.
You ain't gonna bust me
for nothin'.
I oughta run your ass in
for breaking in
and messing with my stuff.
I ain't gonna give you a break.
I'm gonna take you down.
[ Bradlee ]
Get your fuckin' hands
off me. man!
Get up!
I'm gonna kick your butt!
Try that again.
and I'm gonna blow
your fuckin' head off!
-Get in there!
-I didn't invite you! You got
no right to treat me like this!
Who do you think
you guys are.
comin' in here?
Cover him. You know
how to use this thing?
What are you asking me for?
Do you know how to use it?
Of course. I was four years
in the state guard.
But I don't want
any part of this shit.
You're already part of it.
Take it and keep him covered.
Take it!
He's just an old tramp.
I don't see why we can't
just let him go.
What. so he can
come back with the cops
or a bunch of his friends?
Man. I ain't goin' to no cops.
I don't care what you're doin'.
I don't know nothin'!
Cross your hands.
Cross 'em!
Damn it. don.
We're gettin' in awful deep.
We agreed.
if we found somebody here.
we'd cut 'em in on it.
And I say he ain't
entitled to jack shit.
You wanna cut him in to your
share. you go right ahead.
Share of what?
What you boys cookin' up?
Keep your mouth shut.
old man.
Now you listen to me. vince.
I got mortgage payments
on a house
I just got kicked out of.
plus my own rent money
which they just jacked up.
plus fucking taxes
that get higher every year...
Just so that guys
like him can keep eatin'
without doing any work.
If that loot is here. buddy.
I want it. and I'm not gonna
share it with some old bum.
Look. I. uh--
I don't like this at all.
But you don't have to worry.
because nobody's gonna hurt you.
I promise.
What right you got to come in.
messin' with a man's shit
and fuck it all up?
Look what you done
to my floor!
How'm I gonna live here now?
Just look what you done.
Hey. I said I was sorry!
Look. I'll make it up to you.
All right?
Here's 40 bucks.
Okay?
40 bucks?
What. you gon'
give me a mule too?
Fuck you!
Well. shit. if you
don't want it. I'll keep it.
W-w-well--
yeah. uh. wait a minute.
I'll take it.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Whispering ]
Don!
Somebody's comin'!
¶ [ Rap. Faint ]
If he makes any noise.
you shut him up.
How am I supposed
to do that?
Oh. shit.
He's a tied-up old man.
How hard can it be?
Bust him in the face.
Untie me. and I'll bust you
in your fuckin' face.
I'm not gonna duke out
some crazy old man.
Understand the situation here!
I understand the situation.
I got two white motherfuckers
breakin' up--
[ Muffled shouting ]
¶ [ Rap Continues ]
Hey. come on. don.
This whole deal's
goin' south.
Let's get
the hell outta here.
I'm not leaving here
without that gold.
You stay here.
I'm gonna take a look around.
Anybody else
live in this building?
Come on!
Just shake your head
yes or no.
Shit. I gave you
40 bucks!
[ Muffled ]
Fuck you!
He'll be here any minute.
Wickey don't break his word.
He'd better be here. or
I'm gonna kick your crippled ass
back down those stairs.
Man. relax. goose.
I'm just tryin' to
set things up--
[ Conversing. faint ]
He's right there.
It's funny
you picked up here.
This where king james
keeps his stash at.
What you talkin' 'bout?
It's right over there
in the air vent.
Don't be bullshittin' me.
I ain't bullshittin' you.
I'll go get it for you.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
You think I'm stupid
or somethin'. lucky?
You think I'm gon' let you
put your hand in there
and pull a piece out on me?
Yo. wickey.
Keep your snake ass
where I can see ya. A'ight?
[ Snap ]
[ Yelling ]
- [ Screaming ]
- goose!
Don't you be gettin'
out of hand now.
Lucky's just got
a real nasty sense of humor.
Yo. goose. you need to
leave my little brother alone.
[ Wickey ]
Come here. You a'ight?
Yeah. I'm cool.
[ Hammer cocks ]
Turns out the other night
you wasn't alone. 'Member what
happened the other night. goose?
One of my boys
got killed.
K.j.'s right.
Video never lies. goose.
I was there the whole time.
tapin' your punk ass.
I don't know
what you're talkin' 'bout.
Ain't that amazing.
Now the nigga
don't know nothin'.
- [ Phone ringing ]
- [ Beep ]
Yo. what's up?
[ Voice. faint ]
Yo. marvin.
I can't talk right now.
We gon' handle that business.
but not right now.
I'm in the middle of somethin'.
Call me back. man.
Yeah. later.
[ Beep ]
What the hell's
goin' on up there?
Where's don?
Y'all makin' a big mistake.
I don't know nothin'
about nobody gettin' offed.
I don't think so. bitch.
You the one made the mistake.
motherfucker.
Hey. KJ.. you got to
slow this shit down.
This situation
does have an explanation.
Who you been workin' for. man?
Who you sold us out to. punk?
Why you sweatin' me. man?
Huh?
You can kiss my black ass!
Now get on your little phone
and run tell that!
You ain't gon' make
a scene or nothin'.
No. this ain't gon'--
yo. cletus. why don't you
show this man your shoes?
Be real fucked up
if he had to use 'em on you.
Stomp a mudhole
in that ugly-ass face
of yours.
[ Yells ]
[ Screaming ]
Goddamn.
Hey. motherfucker!
What the fuck you doin'?
I said. what you doin'?
Nothin'.
Cool. It works.
Watch out. man. watch out.
I thought--
[ Stammering ]
You thought what?
I saw-- I saw your friend fall--
nigga wasn't my friend.
Who are you. man?
What you doin' here?
Uh--
what the fuck
you lookin' at me for?
- the man asked you a question.
What are you doin' here?
- nothin'. I'm just here.
- I'm not looking for trouble.
- is that right?
-You fuckin' with us. white boy?
-No. man. Like I said.
I'm not lookin' for trouble.
Bullshit!
I'm gon' ask you
one more time.
What in the fuck
are you doin' here?
He's spying. man.
I'm not spyin'. Look. I don't
wanna get in the middle
of no big gang hassle.
Gang? You think
we some punk-ass gang?
I'm a businessman.
These are my associates.
Whatever you say. man.
No problem.
Back off!
All of ya!
Get out of here. or I'll
blow his fuckin' head off!
[ Shouting ]
[ Don ]
You guys give it up!
Don! Don! Come on!
Back off! Clear out of here.
or I'll kill him!
I swear I will!
You fuck with me.
he's a dead man!
Hurry. don! Come on. man!
Make a run for it!
[ Lucky ]
Come on. motherfucker!
Don't shoot!
He's got lucky. man!
[ Gunshots ]
[ Grunts ]
No!
Hold your fire!
I'll blow his head off!
Stop! Stop shootin' man!
Stop shootin'!
Fuck!
Don. jesus christ!
We gotta get out.
The fire escape!
The window! Go!
[ Groaning ]
[ Don ]
Damn it!
Yo. savon. go downstairs
and make sure nobody's
tryin' to get out the window.
All right.
[ King james ]
Just calm down. man!
No more shootin'.
What you want?
Stand up. Stand up!
You got a weapon? Huh?
You got a weapon?
I ain't got nothin'!
[ Muttering ]
Don't fuck with me. man.
I ain't got shit.
Yeah? What's this?
[ Spits ]
[ Beeping ]
- [ Line ringing ]
- [ Phone ringing ]
Yo. savon.
Yeah?
What was that?
That was me.
I blasted at 'em tryin' to
come down the fire escape.
You get 'em?
No.
Stay posted. No more
shootin' unless I tell ya.
- I don't wanna spook 'em any
more than they already are.
- a'ight. a'ight.
Oh. shit. Goddamn it. vince.
why the hell didn't you
stay put like I said?
'Cause I thought you were
in trouble. that's why!
Where the hell did you go
all that time? Oh. shit!
Cletus. wickey.
let's try this door.
They got lucky in there.
They're probably tryin'
to get out the back way.
All right. cool.
Come on.
[ Phone ringing ]
Shit!
[ Ringing continues ]
Now. back off. all of ya!
You come any closer.
he's a dead man!
Come on! Get back!
Get back!
[ Ringing continues ]
[ Beep ]
Yeah?
[ Voice. faint ]
Marvin. this ain't the time.
I got some problems right now.
Yeah. we gonna handle the
business on that package. but I
gotta get back with your ass!
Wickey. is there any other way
out of here beside the door
and that fire escape?
Hell no. There ain't
no other way out.
All right. cletus.
go downstairs.
get rid of goose's body.
Then go to the car.
get the m-16.
But go out the same way
we came in. I don't want
nobody to see us. A'ight?
Go. man!
Yo. hey. in there.
How we know lucky's okay?
Tell 'em.
Hey. man. I'm cool.
But this motherfucker's crazy!
Don't worry 'bout it. man.
We gon' get you outta there.
Check his fanny pack
down on the floor.
See if he's got a gun.
I told you
I ain't strapped.
Shut up.
[ Don ]
Anything?
This guy's
some kind of dope addict.
Freaks.
[ Gasps ]
[ Whispers ]
Shit.
All right. cut me
two six-foot lengths
of that rope in my bag.
Come on. move!
Come on!
Wickey. go down there.
Use savon's phone.
Call up luther. moon and davis.
and tell 'em to get they ass
over here right now!
- you got it.
- yo. also call up raymond.
- tell him I need some of that
goddamn heavy artillery.
- raymond?
- you sure you want him
in on this?
- yeah. goddamn it!
Don't give me
no motherfuckin' shit!
Get that goddamn camera
out of my face!
Von. give me your phone.
For what?
K.j. Wants raymond here.
Finally we got
some guns comin' up here.
Shit's gettin' hectic.
[ Beeping ]
Figure they the police
up there. man?
Ain't got no fuckin' idea.
[ Line ringing ]
[ Exhales ]
Hello. Raymond?
[ Grunting ]
Your name
is lucky. huh?
- I ain't talkin' to you.
I ain't tellin' you shit!
- Fine!
How many'd you see
out there?
Five.
Tie his arm
to that door.
There's gon' be
more than that.
That's my big brother james.
Fool. he's the king around here!
He'll spread the word.
Your big brother. huh?
That's right.
Let me tell you white boys
somethin'.
You don't let me go.
he's gonna fry
your motherfuckin' asses.
I thought
you weren't talkin'.
Hey. james. we got
your kid brother tied
spread-eagle against this door!
That means
anybody shoots at the door.
they gon' kill him!
Anybody tries to break it down.
they gon' rip his arms
out of their sockets. Got that?
I hear you.
Just don't do anything
stupid in there.
You gotta tell us. Is there
another way out of here?
I don't gotta tell you shit!
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
Goddamn it.
Don. these bars
are pretty solid.
Hey. vince! Over here!
Vince. that catwalk there
goes out to another building.
If we can get to it. there's
gotta be another stairway there.
We can get down to the truck.
Yo. cletus. go on top.
Keep it secure.
I wanna keep 'em
totally boxed in.
Go. man!
[ Don ]
Careful.
Okay.
Yeah!
[ Loud slam ]
[ Yells. groans ]
- yo. lucky. you all right?
- yeah. man. I'm all right!
Shit!
Fuck that plan!
Them motherfuckers
still alive in there?
Yeah!
How many in there
with you?
There's three.
but one of 'em was--
he can't talk right now!
Yo. man.
listen. man!
We don't want no trouble!
We just want my brother back!
Just let him out.
Come out here.
We can discuss this.
You just bring the cops!
We'll discuss it with them!
They're drug dealers. They
just threw a guy off the roof.
They ain't gonna call the cops.
Yo. man. all that
ain't necessary. man.
All we want is
my brother. man!
All we want is lucky. man!
Find me a rag.
Word up. As long as
you got me. he gon' be
on your asses like glue.
They already got
the place surrounded.
My brother will be here
with more artillery
and soldiers.
As long as we got you. they
ain't gonna be shootin' at us.
I ain't scared of shit.
You know why? 'Cause I been
through three drive-bys.
and I ain't never been hit.
Them bullets just go around me.
That's why they call me lucky.
Lucky. motherfucker!
[ Muffled grunting ]
Look. all they want is the kid.
Now they know we got a gun.
Maybe if we just let him go
they'll back off.
Damn it. vince.
They want us dead.
We're witnesses.
As long as he's alive.
we got a chance.
If we let him go.
they gon' kill us for sure.
[ Horn honking ]
¶ [ STEREO: Rap ]
¶ [ Continues ]
¶ [ Off ]
[ Engine off ]
It's about time
you guys got here.
What's up? You got a problem?
Yeah.
we got a problem.
Shit. Three more.
That makes
eight of 'em.
We're screwed. don.
[ Footsteps ]
Hey. yo. KJ.. man.
what's up?
Three white motherfuckers.
They got my kid brother
in there.
Three?
I didn't see but two.
Lucky said there was three.
You get raymond?
Yeah. man. He'll be here.
White motherfuckers.
Down here?
Who are they? The man?
Hell. no. They just asked me
for cops. If they want cops.
they can't be cops.
[ Both grunting ]
Shit.
[ Grunts ]
Let me try that halligan.
Come on.
Here we go.
Fucker.
All right.
[ Grunting ]
¶ [ STEREO: Rap ]
¶ [ Continues ]
Shit.
Another one.
Looks like
some fuckin' pimp.
[ Man rapping ]
¶Better Leave Me Alone
I got posse ¶
¶Plus The Feds
Had better watch me ¶
¶I Gotta Do
What I gotta do ¶
¶So Who The Hell Is You ¶
¶To Tell Me
How my song is wrong ¶
¶You Don't Know ¶
[ Beeping ]
¶Lay Out
And let the drummer go-- ¶
¶ [ Continues ]
Yo. wickey.
This is raymond.
Where you want me to park. man?
What do you think's
going on?
Nothin' good.
[ Laughing ]
I think I finally figured out
how you boys are gonna get
a chance to get out of here.
Body bags!
[ Laughing continues ]
Mmm!
Oh. shit!
Pussy in the trunk!
Raymond
good for somethin'.
All right.
now. this shit here?
Takes out a rat's ass
at 300 yards.
Shit. I'll take that.
I was a sharpshooter
in the army.
You sure you're
a sharpshooter? You don't
look like no sharpshooter.
I ain't shittin'.
I was the best in my company.
Aw. ease back. motherfuckers.
This is mine.
[ All laughing ]
[ Raymond ]
Go. wickey.
Dive in there. man.
Oh. man. I don't need
no big-ass gun.
mess up my suit.
This right here'll
do me just fine.
Oh. no.
Peashooter?
[ Laughing ]
No. no. no!
All right. Mr. Leader man.
so what's your plan?
Come on over here.
Them country motherfuckers
was cryin' about
the police. right?
They want cops?
We'll give 'em cops.
[ Raymond laughs ]
Yeah!
Hello. Officer friendly!
[ Pinched voice ]
How are you?
Hold it! Hold it.
[ Grunts ]
This ain't getting us
anywhere.
This place
is too goddamn secure.
At least the good news is
they can't get in either.
That means we just sit tight
and wait till the cops show up.
[ Laughing ]
What are you laughin' about?
Who's gonna call the cops.
the pigeons or the rats?
[ Laughing continues ]
What about a patrol car?
Don't patrol cars
come around here?
Think they'd throw a guy off the
roof in broad daylight if there
was a chance cops would come by?
Cops ain't comin' by. vince.
We're on our own here.
Now. we got 21 shells.
I'm gonna take 11.
you're gonna take 10.
That way whoever's
got the gun can reload.
Listen. I got an idea.
We bust through this floor into
the apartment right below us.
That ain't gonna work.
If the layout's the same
as it is up here. we're gonna be
stuck without our hostage.
- we'll be dead meat.
- bradlee. you ever been
on the fourth floor?
- is there a back stairway
down there?
- fuck you!
[ Door opens ]
[ Footsteps ]
Anything happen?
No.
All quiet. KJ.
Go downstairs. Help 'em out.
Tell wickey to call me up
when he gets his setup.
Is this gonna work?
It better.
I'm gettin' tired of this!
Man. those are some
weird fuckin' footsteps.
What is that?
Spikes. One of the guys
was wearin' baseball shoes.
Big son of a bitch.
[ Phone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Yeah?
Savon. what up. man?
Shit. we ready.
Let's just do it.
They're gettin' close.
Man. this shit's
got me pissed off. man.
This is stupid.
Got everything goin' good.
and two stupid-ass honkies
fuck up everything...
Over some dumb nigga
named goose...
That nobody
gives a fuck about.
dead or alive.
Only thing keepin' 'em alive
is my brother.
Savon said
that's a bunch of bullshit.
Says you and lucky
ain't even got the same pops.
He's my brother. man. I been
takin' care of him ever since
he was born and I was 15.
All right. man. we hot.
We goin'.
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Siren stops ]
Stop!
This is the police!
Stop! You there!
Nigger. freeze!
[ Grunting ]
Get the fuck up.
Get the fuck up!
Spread your legs!
Spread 'em!
Take it easy. man.
Gotta make this shit
look real. nigga.
Where you got
the dope. boy? Huh?
Don. there's a cop
out there!
[ Rifle cocks ]
Look! I'm-- hey!
Help! Hey. don!
[ Gunshot ]
[ Gunshots ]
Get me out--
somebody come back here!
Come back!
Get me outta here!
Shit!
Shit.
Come on!
Come on. motherfuckers!
Move!
Go!
Go! Go! Go. man!
Get me the fuck outta here!
[ Muffled ]
Get me outta here!
[ Groaning ]
- shit! They got davis!
- fuck!
Come here. you two idiots!
Get over here!
Bring your asses in here now!
Move! Move! Get over here!
Get me off this damn floor!
Come on!
Get me up off here!
Hurry up!
What the fuck
you tryin' to do.
get me killed?
I thought he was a cop!
You stupid peckerwood!
You fall for that shit?
He was wearin' a uniform!
You just a stupid.
dumb-ass redneck!
You shut your goddamn mouth.
you black son of a bitch.
Fuck you! Kiss my black ass!
Goddamn it!
Hey! Hey!
Vince! Vince!
If he doesn't shut up.
I'm gonna shut him up!
What the fuck was that bullshit?
I told you not to shoot
till you got a clean shot.
You got davis killed!
Fuck that!
It wasn't my fault! It was
that motherfuckin' luther!
It was both
you dumb motherfuckers!
Okay. but you fucked up too!
Ain't none of your shit
worked all day!
The point is. what you gon' do?
I'm gon' go find 'em
so they don't dig no tunnel.
You need to go
get rid of davis's body.
I ain't the garbageman!
Moon. go get rid of him.
Bullshit! That ain't
my motherfuckin' job!
No. moon. go do it.
At least I know
the shit'll get done right.
Now. you-- you keep
this trigger-happy shit up.
you gon' get all of us killed.
I don't know how.
I ain't the leader.
[ Metal detector
beeping steadily ]
I'm not gettin' anything.
This oughta work.
Ain't no apartments up there.
It's just attic.
Ain't no pipes. no plumbin'.
I don't remember seein'
no metal on the floor.
Yeah. but. shit.
tryin' to pick up metal cleats?
[ Steady beeping continues ]
Nothin' here.
I'm goin'. vince.
Wait a second.
Let's stick to the plan.
I'm goin'.
If he's down by that window
he can get a shot at you.
Let me keep scanning
the floor till I find him.
That way we'll be sure.
All right.
But find him. will ya?
[ Steady beeping ]
What are you guys doing now?
Where'd you get
all this shit from?
[ Exhales ]
Anything yet?
Naw. Nothin'.
Man. you know I'm gon' be there.
Raymond ain't gon' let you down.
What you need?
Yo. raymond!
Hang on a second. man.
I need you to do some recon.
figure out how them fools got
here. I know they didn't walk.
I ain't got time to be
playin' army with you
trigger-happy motherfuckers.
I got business
to take care of.
Yo. cancel it.
You're workin' for me now.
I'm hirin' you
for the rest of the day.
What the fuck you waitin' on?
Get to work. motherfucker.
Yo. we gon' have to
reschedule that thing.
[ Steady beeping continues ]
[ Accelerated beeping ]
I've got him!
Whereabouts?
[ Accelerated beeping
continues ]
Right over here.
All right. I'm goin'.
Wait a second.
[ Beeping slows ]
He's movin'!
[ Accelerated beeping
resumes ]
Jesus christ!
Gimme that.
[ Beeping stops ]
What are you gonna do?
Wait a minute! Wait a minute!
Don't cut me. You don't--
don't cut me. man.
I'm gonna cut you loose.
I need your chair.
but you better behave yourself.
Well. yeah. yeah.
I'll behave myself.
You can have the chair.
I got a table downstairs
you can have.
[ Clanking ]
Yeah. I'm up.
You can have it.
[ Chair creaking ]
Careful.
Halligan.
[ Clattering ]
[ Door opens ]
What's up. man?
You dump the body?
Yeah. I threw him
in the trunk of your car.
What?
You heard me.
Man. fuck you.
[ Blows ]
Flashlight.
Somethin' here.
[ Panting ]
[ Laughing ]
Holy shit.
There's more. vince.
Lord have mercy.
I've been sleepin'
under all this all these nights?
I don't believe it.
Here. This is it. vince.
This is it.
There's a treasure
trove up here.
It's all here.
Just like
the newspaper said.
You're damn right.
Our ship's come in. buddy.
We're rich!
Now you peckerwoods
are startin' to make some sense.
Now I can see why
you was tearin' up this place.
You know. I can't figure--
if it's in the ceiling.
why'd he say it was
in the floor?
I mean. we both heard him.
The man's dying words--
"it's in the floor."
Wait a second.
It's a map of the ceiling.
not the floor.
Look. Hold it up.
It's right as rain.
He drew it
layin' on his back.
Oh. eugene. you dumb fuck.
That ain't a way
to draw a map.
[ Chuckling ]
Wow. This stuff's
been in there
over 50 years.
It's not even tarnished.
You don't know nothin'.
do you?
That's the beauty of gold.
It never tarnishes.
Lasts forever too.
You can melt it down.
pound it. twist it.
piss on it--
but it's always
the same gold.
It was here long before we were.
Be here a long time
after we're gone.
I bet you a lot of men
have died for the gold
that's just in this one piece.
How'd you get to be
such an expert
on the subject?
Probably heard it
in some pawn shop somewhere.
[ Laughs ]
You don't know nothin'.
Neither one of you.
Huh. It's all here. vince.
It's all here.
All we gotta do is pack it up
and get to that catwalk.
We'll get our
butts outta here.
I told you.
I told you. we're rich.
We're rich. buddy. We're rich!
Aaah!
[ Groaning ]
Hey. you broke
my rocking chair.
- hey. man. you all right?
- [ Groans ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Stamping feet ]
[ Tapping ]
What the fuck they doin'
up there. havin' a party?
[ Don laughing ]
I don't know. It's the last one
they ever gonna have.
Don't even trip. savon.
Now. you ain't the boss.
Now. the man said
no shootin'.
Don't you ever draw down
on me. motherfucker.
[ Muffled ]
[ Coughing ]
Christ. What now?
[ Lucky. muffled ]
Come on. man.
Just let me go. please?
[ Sniffles ]
I'm sick.
What do you mean.
you're sick?
[ Coughs ]
He's a junkie.
He needs his dope.
They get sick all the time.
they don't get a fix.
Shakin'. pukin'.
Geez. that's too bad.
Fuck you.
You just remember
that that gold is ours.
- yeah? How do you figure?
- [ Inhales ]
This is our territory.
You don't live down here.
We do.
Bullshit. I live here.
All your kind ever does
is fuck everything up.
I got a better claim
to that gold than you.
You?
[ Laughs ]
That's a hot one.
It's really fucked up. man.
The only time you white boys
ever come down here is
when you wanna rip us off.
Hey. man. we didn't
come here to rip you off.
We're just tryin' to get ahead.
like everybody else.
Look. motherfucker.
the gold is ours.
You let it go--
[ Swallows ]
Maybe I can
talk my brother into
keeping you boys alive.
You mean that?
He's talkin'
through his ass. vince.
Gag him. or I'll
come over there
and shut him up myself.
[ Gunshots continue ]
Didn't I tell you
to kill that cowboy crap?
Yo. man. I just shot
the catwalk out there. man.
I'm thinkin' we
gotta discourage 'em
from gettin' across somehow.
You need to stop thinkin'
with your trigger finger
and use your brain.
- you gonna get
my brother killed.
- all right. man.
Fuck it. All right.
Bradlee. you sure
there ain't nobody else
livin' around here?
Somebody like you
might have heard
that shootin'.
Fella used to live around
named thomas.
Thomas-- he'd go
twice a month to give blood.
That's how he got money.
Only last time he went.
they told him not
to come back no more.
He was a real sad fella.
No family.
He never could
get his shoes on right.
That was summertime.
I ain't seen him since.
Yo. luther!
Where are you. man?
[ Luther ]
Over here. above the catwalk.
What you doin' here. man?
King james sent me over
to help you look out.
I don't need no help. man.
I got this covered.
Go on back.
Okay. Call king james
and tell him...
That you think his plan
is full of shit.
You crazy?
Know what's gonna happen?
Motherfuckin' police
gonna be around here.
And these white motherfuckers'
friends.
You think it's on now?
It's really gonna
be on then.
King james--
like he's king
of the street or something.
Ain't nobody
king of the street.
It's all about survival.
It's all about gettin' yours.
It ain't about
takin' no chances.
and it damn sure ain't about
jeopardizing your whole
motherfuckin' crew.
- [ Static ]
- no. man. I like savon. man.
I like him a lot. man.
He's just a hothead.
He thinks he knows it all.
I used to be just like savon.
man. when I was comin' up.
Just like him.
You just gotta be
philosophical about
this shit. man.
It's all crazy.
As long as you know it's crazy.
you're all right.
But as soon as you try
to make logic out of this.
you fucked up.
'cause it don't make no sense.
See. the white man
makes dope. right?
Then he gives it to us.
Then he wants to buy it
from us. right?
Then he puts us in jail
when we sell it to him.
Man. it don't make
no fuckin' sense.
Only thing a man's got
is his family and his pride.
That's all he's got.
[ Don ]
Man. I don't know
what this stuff is anymore--
god's gold. our gold.
fool's gold.
About all we can do
is take as many of them...
With us as we can
and hope for the best.
Maybe we could try
walking out of here
using lucky as a human shield.
Not with just one gun.
Be better off tryin'
to nail one of them first--
get ourselves
another weapon.
What about tradin' the gold
to 'em for our safety?
No. they'd kill us anyway.
I would if I was them.
Truth is. vince. I don't see
any way we're gonna get
out of here quiet.
[ Exhales ]
A fortune in gold.
and it's just plain worthless.
[ Laughs ]
We might as well
let bradlee go.
Yeah.
Hey. bradlee?
We got no reason
to hold you here anymore.
You're free to go.
Hey. wait a minute.
I got a proposition
for you.
That gold layin'
over there is worth
maybe a million dollars.
Now. you can have it.
You can have all of it.
You take it with you.
You just promise me
one thing.
You're gonna call
the cops for us.
It ain't no good.
It ain't gonna do me
no damn bit of good.
How the hell am I supposed
to get out of here?
They gonna kill me
as soon as I step
one foot outside the door.
Them niggas would kill anybody.
including they own grandmas.
Well. you haven't got
much of a chance
in here with us.
Look. if I could figure out
a way to get us out of here.
do I get the gold?
You know a way out of here?
Do I get the gold?
Hell. yes.
Wait a minute.
Let's hear him out.
Wait a minute!
You listen to me. old man.
You know a way to get
out of here. we split
the gold three ways.
We're all in this together.
That's not what you said
a minute ago.
A minute ago
we was all dead.
Now. you take it
or leave it.
I'll take it.
The chimney.
There's a chimney
behind the wall.
We can get out
through the chimney.
Well. here it is.
We still got a deal?
¶ [ RADIO: Hip-hop ]
[ Man ]
¶...Wanna Roll. That's Cool ¶
¶But I'm Not To Be Played
Like a fool ¶
¶Some Niggas Think
A brother with money
is slippin' ¶
¶But I Been Down
So quit trippin' ¶
¶My Goal-- To Increase
The size of this bank ¶
¶I Hold And Bring Up
The brothers who's down ¶
¶I Roll And Keep All
The shit under my control ¶
¶That's How I'm Livin'
I check my bank ¶
¶Cash Money
Cash. cash money ¶
¶Clockin' More Dollars
Than chase manhattan ¶
¶Cash Money
Cash. cash money ¶
¶Clockin' More Dollars
Than chase manhattan ¶
¶I Check My Bank ¶
¶A Word To The Cops
I can't be stopped ¶
¶A Word To My Enemies
I don't drop flops ¶
¶A Word To The Klan
I don't pick crops ¶
¶You Can Run Up With Your Whip
But you'll just run up
and get popped ¶
¶A Word To The Tipper
Rap won't fall ¶
¶A Word To The Bourgeoise
Fuck all y'all ¶
¶A Word To Apartheid
You 'bouts to fall ¶
¶You Can Kill
A Couple Brothers
But you'll never get us all ¶
¶Straitlaced Game's
What I'm poppin'
at the new jacks ¶
¶Mack Daddy Niggas
Like to snatch fat sacks ¶
¶I Used To Be Nice
With my rhymes
and now I drop dimes ¶
¶What's The Time ¶
¶It's Time To Get Paid
In the nine-two. g ¶
¶Recession Never Stopped
A nigga like me ¶
¶I'm Breakin' No Laws
But I'm livin' on edge ¶
¶Puttin' C.EO.s To Bed ¶
¶ [ Fades ]
[ Rats squeaking ]
[ Panting ]
This is gonna work. vince.
We gotta go up. but there's
an access door up there.
Put us right out on the roof.
¶ [ RADIO: Hip-hop Beat ]
¶ [ Man Rapping.
Indistinct ]
[ Siren blares ]
Shit!
- [ siren blares ]
- don. hold it.
¶ [ Rap Continues ]
[ Siren blares ]
[ Police radio chatter.
indistinct ]
Cops!
No. Wait.
It's a police car.
It's the real police.
No. listen.
We don't need 'em.
You're crazy. Hey--
[ Groans ]
Hey. someone--
[ Both grunting. groaning ]
Now. you listen to me. vince.
We got a million dollars'
worth of gold here.
If those cops get in.
they gon' take it away.
Fuck the goddamn gold.
No. Fuck you.
You ain't gonna
fuck this up
for me. vince.
I want that gold.
The only reason we're
in this shit is because
you fucked up.
If you didn't go out there when
they killed that man. none
of this would have happened.
I can get outta here
on my own. vince.
Are you with me or not?
Now. you listen to him.
Those cops would come
in here and shoot us
in the head.
and take the gold
for themselves.
That's what they'd do.
You keep an eye on lucky.
You keep him fuckin' quiet.
Shut up! Shut up.
We don't want
those police in here.
[ Muffled ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Shit. man.
You ain't gonna
waste him. are you?
Take your hands
off the wheel.
Roll your window down.
I do something wrong.
officer?
Mind tellin' me
what you're doin'
around here. g?
Look. tell you the truth.
I was just lookin'
for a place to take a leak.
Mm-hmm.
Step on out the car.
hoss.
[ Door alert beeping ]
[ Beeping stops ]
Man. somethin' ain't right.
Don't them fools know
the police out there?
Why they ain't
sayin' nothin'?
I hope luther doesn't
take a shot at 'em.
You want me to call him?
No. Even he
ain't that stupid.
[ Panting ]
We got a report
of some shots being
fired in the area.
You wouldn't know nothin'
about that though.
would you?
No. sir. Like I said.
I was just lookin'
for a place to take a leak.
Turn around.
Put your hands
on top of the car.
[ Horn honks ]
What's up?
We just had a call.
It's a 10-85.
What's up with this guy?
Him? Nothin'.
Just hangin'.
Let's get the hell
outta here. man.
All right.
Here. man.
Look. this ain't
no public outhouse here.
Some gas stations
along the highway there.
Why don't you find one?
[ Engine starts ]
[ Car door shuts ]
Cool.
They steppin' off. man.
Yeah. Cool.
[ Sharp groan ]
Hey!
They're gone. and there's
nothin' you can do about it.
Now. we're goin' out of here
with the gold... Together.
[ King james ]
What the fuck is that?
What the fuck does it
look like. man?
I found their car.
Don't worry about it.
It ain't goin' nowhere.
What. Arkansas?
That means they came
at least 200 miles.
Mean these fools
from out of town?
What the fuck's up?
I don't know.
What they doin' here.
raymond?
Why they didn't call
for those fuckin' pigs?
Hey. I got no idea. man.
Fuck am I payin' you
for then?
Wait a minute.
Maybe they didn't
even see the cops.
Hey. they saw the fuckin' cops.
Now. ain't no doubt about that.
Look. I can give a fuck
what they doin' here.
I say we handle
these motherfuckers
right now.
Yeah. and how
we gonna do that?
Simple. We burn 'em.
Shit. nigga.
We go in there smokin' them
motherfuckers. some of us
gonna get burned too.
I'm talkin' about fire.
motherfucker.
I'm talkin' about
burnin' this place
to the ground.
Ain't nobody gonna care.
'cause these places
go up every day.
Now. that ain't bad. KJ.
That ain't bad at all.
Yeah. but what about
lucky. man?
If he really lucky.
he'll walk away
from this.
If not--
I'm callin' a truce.
What for?
Wanna talk to 'em.
Man. you wanna talk?
I wanna burn 'em.
Look. man. just give me
five minutes.
Man. that's bullshit.
Your shit's been
bullshit all day.
Luther. you gonna do
what the hell I say.
or you gonna be a dead man.
Come on. babe.
I'll go down with you.
Come on.
Man. fuck you.
[ Wickey ]
Yeah. I'm right here. nigga.
Come on.
Hey. hey. Listen up. man.
You gotta keep cool.
Don't touch me.
Got me all wrong
here. man.
Now. from where I'm standing.
you the only one around here
makin' any sense.
King james has lost it.
I can't even deal with
the motherfucker no more.
Ain't that
the fuckin' truth?
Yeah. see. that's why...
I figure you the only one
around here I can trust.
You and me--
we got the same interests.
Interests?
What interests?
Interests in makin' sure
them white motherfuckers
don't walk out of here.
Now. you wanna know
why they didn't signal
the police?
'Cause they found something--
something so valuable they
don't want nobody else in on it.
Is that right?
Now. the way I figure.
you and me--
we work this thing out.
we come out lookin'
real nice.
[ Chuckling ]
Gold.
Hey. you in there!
I need to talk to you guys.
Hey. you in there.
We gotta talk right now.
What do you want?
Need to talk about
a truce. man.
I want a truce.
Bullshit! What about?
About this situation.
Now. you either gonna
talk to me right now.
or fuck you.
I'm finished playin'
with your ass.
Let's hear him out.
It's a damn trick.
You can't trust
these bastards.
Listen to him. He's right.
Look. man. why don't you
just open the slot
in that door a crack...
So we can talk. motherfucker.
Maybe I can get
a clear shot at him
through the peep slot.
Blow his fuckin' head off.
He says he wants a truce.
What the hell's it gonna hurt
to talk to him?
Because it's a trick.
that's why.
Listen to me. both of you.
We're gonna talk
to him. goddamn it--
hear what's on his mind.
Now. maybe he wants out
of this whole situation.
just like we do.
He don't know nothin'
about the gold.
Sure as hell ain't gonna hurt
to talk to him.
[ Lucky coughs ]
Okay. it's open.
Now. you try anything.
your brother's gonna get
a bullet in the head.
All right.
I'm steppin' out here
in the open to let you know...
I ain't got
no bad intentions. okay?
Start talking. james.
Look. we both
got a problem. right?
Hey. man. we didn't come here
lookin' for trouble.
This whole thing's
just a big misunderstanding.
Okay. misunderstanding.
All I wanna know is.
who the fuck are you?
What the fuck
are you doin' here?
[ Whispering ]
What are we gonna tell him?
We're just visiting.
Bullshit.
White guys don't come up here
unless they cops.
and you ain't cops.
so what the fuck's goin' on?
- just lookin' around.
- yo. man. you better
give me some straight answers.
Hey. you don't own
this place.
We got as much
right to be here
as you or anybody else.
- case you ain't heard.
this is still a free country.
- this is my goddamn territory.
You don't come up here
wavin' no guns around.
fuckin' with my family.
takin' hostages and shit.
[ Beeping ]
[ Ringing ]
- yeah. what's up?
- luther. raymond.
What's goin' on
up there. man?
[ Indistinct ]
Everything fine?
Look. you let us go.
we let him go.
Everybody just walks away.
We're not goin'
to the cops. I swear.
Is that right?
Swear to god. man.
You give me a bible.
we'll swear on it.
Man. that's too easy.
Why you didn't call for
the cops when they were here?
Hey. you heard the deal.
Now. you take it
or leave it.
Man. I want some
straight fuckin' answers.
Luther. man. one of 'em's tryin'
to get out the fire escape.
Shoot him!
Where?
One of those snow boys
tried to kick it
out the fire escape.
They fuckin' with you. KJ.
Laughin' behind your back.
Tryin' to pull some shit on you.
Luther says the dude
got back in before
he could nail his ass.
Tell moon to get
his ass up here now.
Luther. tell moon
to get his ass up here.
Son of a bitch set us up.
Shit. I thought he was
goin' for it too.
I told you
it was a trick.
Did you hit him?
No. I missed.
Shit.
Savon. Moon.
Go get some gas.
Oh. shit. Finally we doin'
some shit right. like I
been telling you all day.
A'ight. a'ight.
Check this out. von.
This is what I want you to do.
I want you to get some grease.
some of that c-4--
I want you to hook up
some of them specials.
the way I like it.
We gonna blow this
piece of shit up
and burn it to the ground.
Yo. you know I know
what time it is.
Come on. moon.
Okay. check this out. wickey.
Yeah?
Talk to cletus.
then call luther.
Make sure that dumb motherfucker
knows what's goin' on.
Word.
Hey. video. you goin' or what?
What's up. man?
We need some help.
No. I'm stayin' with KJ.
Aw. man.
You lazy punk.
Man. stop your acting
like a girl. man.
You a KJ. Junkie.
¶ [ RADIO: Rap ]
[ Muffled groaning ]
Those handholds look
solid enough.
I figure we can
make it up okay.
Bradlee. hurry up
and pack that gold.
Hey. suppose those fuckers
bust in here while
we halfway up the chimney.
That kid's gonna start
yappin'. and my ass
is gonna be cooked.
[ Lucky coughing.
groaning ]
Yeah.
You have a point.
We gotta shut him up.
Yeah.
Sure. don. Kill him.
Kill him in cold blood.
Come on.
What choice have we got?
This is survival. vince.
He's just a junkie.
He's gonna die anyway.
We got a fuckin' choice.
Yeah. well. I'm open
to suggestions.
You got any bright ideas?
Well. shit.
We could knock him out.
Right. Here.
Let's see you do it.
Go on. Take this
in the other room.
and hit him on the head with it.
Wait a second.
Oh. shit.
Look. He's got cocaine
or heroin.
or whatever the hell
this stuff is.
What if we dope him up?
I don't want nothin' to do
with no dope.
Bradlee. finish
packin' the gold.
At least
it's not murder. don.
You know anything
about doin' this?
No.
But he does.
[ Fire crackling ]
Hey. man. be careful. man.
That's all I got.
How long is it
supposed to heat?
Till it gets milky. man.
Strain it with that
cotton ball over there.
That's milky.
Put the cotton ball
on top.
Bradlee may need
some help in there.
Keep an eye on the gold.
Make sure it all
gets in the sack.
Okay.
You got no idea
how lucky you are. mister.
Hey. come on.
Please. man.
Let me do that.
Come on. man. Let me
do it by myself. You don't
know what you're doing.
Hey. man. you could hurt me
if you do it wrong.
You know?
Come on. man. Listen.
Just untie me.
Look. i swear
you won't have no trouble.
[ Muttering ]
Come on. Please. man.
Come on.
You might mess up
one of my veins. man.
Come on.
All right.
Please.
One arm.
Cool.
Come on. hurry it up.
[ Groans ]
What are you waitin' for?
Just waiting
for the vein to pop up.
[ Screaming ]
Don! Oh. shit.
Get him on his back!
Don. are you okay. man?
Oh. my god!
Hang on. Hang on.
You're gonna be okay.
Gonna be all right. man.
James!
Wickey!
[ Muffled shouting ]
Hang on.
I'm gonna get it out.
It's gonna be okay.
[ Grunts ]
[ Groans ]
[ Both grunting. groaning ]
[ Shouting ]
Help! Help!
James! James!
[ Groans ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Line ringing ]
Wickey. man.
I think I got lucky.
What? What are you
talkin' about?
It wasn't my fault. man.
The white dude
turned him.
Now. you just tell king james
it wasn't my fault.
Lucky's dead?
Are you sure?
No. man. he's dead.
I'm tellin' you.
Now. I'm gettin' out of here.
You just tell king james
it wasn't my fault.
I'm outta here.
[ Mumbling ]
[ Slurring ]
Vince. get me outta here.
You just fuckin' hang on.
I'm gonna get you out.
You just hang on.
Here. You're gonna need
some of this shit
in there.
Make it like napalm.
[ James ]
Just hurry up.
Yo. von. what's goin' on
with that c-4 over there?
Shit's waterproof
and fireproof.
but it ain't gonna blow
till I say so.
Word.
[ Video ]
Hold up a stick of the c-4.
I need a close-up.
[ Clicks tongue ]
Shut up. bitch.
[ Panting ]
Luther says lucky's dead.
- he said them white dudes
shot him.
- get the fuck out.
It can't be.
You sure. man?
He says it's no mistake. man.
Who shot him?
Which one did it?
[ Exhales ]
He didn't--
he didn't say.
Guess he wasn't
too lucky. huh?
I'll go up the chimney.
You pick him up. and take him
into that room over there.
and you seal yourself in.
and don't make a sound.
I don't figure his idea
about jumpin' across
them rooftops is gonna work.
- but maybe I can rappel down.
- rappel? What the shit
you talkin' rappel?
Never you mind.
Now. listen to me.
When they break in here.
they're gonna see
that chimney hole...
And think all three
of us went up it.
That's gonna send them
out of here lookin'
for us.
You just sit tight.
and you wait till
I come back with some help.
How do I know you ain't
just gonna cut
and leave us here?
After all.
you don't owe him nothin'.
or me either.
Guess you're just
gonna have to trust me.
Yo. moon. spread these cocktails
all through the building. man.
Make sure this motherfucker
blow up.
Video. what the fuck you doin'?
What's your rap. man?
Man. you're in
that shit all day.
I'm taping.
Get the--
my fuckin' camera!
Look what you did
to my fuckin' camera.
Show's canceled. punk.
Now this is blowin' up
with everything else.
Now. goddamn it. video.
you and moon
spread the fuckin' grease!
[ Gunshots ]
Keep it.
Let's use this.
[ Grunts ]
[ Mumbling ]
Where's the gold?
The gold.
Shit.
[ Grunts ]
Oh. man. this shit
didn't have to happen. man.
I'm sorry. luck.
I'm sorry. lucky.
After you set that timer.
meet me downstairs
in the basement.
[ Gun cocks ]
Hold up. super fly.
Let's get one thing straight.
I done did
all the work here.
I done took all the risk.
So when we spread
that gold around.
ninety percent of it's mine.
you know what I'm sayin'?
I understand your argument.
[ Grunts ]
K.j.! Come here.
Look at this. The chimney.
They got up the chimney.
Damn. They're on the roof.
I'm gonna go finish this.
Wait. hold up.
What you want me to do?
Where you want me?
You stay here.
You watch the chimney.
And stay with lucky. man.
Don't let him burn. man.
Don't let him burn.
But lucky's d-- dead.
[ Panting ]
Savon. That you?
Ooh. Shit.
[ Groans ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Groans ]
[ Gun cocks ]
You gonna die. motherfucker.
I'll take you with me.
What's this all about. man?
What the hell
are you white boys
doin' up here anyway?
Gold. It's all about gold.
Gold? You crazy.
[ Cell phone ringing ]
[ Ringing continues ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello?
[ Man. indistinct ]
No. king james
can't come to the phone!
[ Continues. indistinct ]
Because he's dead.
that's why.
[ Beeping ]
[ Line ringing ]
Hello. 911?
Hello?
[ Crash ]
K.j.! K.j.!
King james is dead. man.
Oh. man. back off.
He's a brother.
I thought we were popping
white boys. not brothers.
I don't want no part of this.
I'm sick of it. moon.
I say we shoot him.
He can identify us.
Look at him.
Where's he goin'?
He ain't gonna identify us.
I'm sick of it.
If you wanna pop him.
you go ahead and pop him.
I'm outta here.
You better get
outta here. old man.
The whole place
is goin' up.
No.
[ Grunts ]
No. Oh. shit.
Who are you. old man?
What you doin'
with my bag?
I left that here.
Put it down.
This here is
my personal stuff in here.
It's all I got.
Is that right?
I think you got some gold
in there. Put it down.
I don't know nothin'
about no gold. What would I
be doin' with some gold?
Don't fuck with me.
old man.
Now. I know you got
something in there.
That gold's goin' with me.
or I'm gonna bust a cap
in your ass. Put it down.
You want it. you can take it.
I don't wanna die
for no sack of goods.
You got that right.
old fool.
Fuck it. You can burn up
with everything else.
Oh. shit.
[ Beeping ]
[ Beeping continues ]
Where you goin'. von?
I see you found the gold.
Thought you were supposed
to hang your ass
in the basement.
I know where
I'm supposed to be.
What the fuck
you wanna pimp me off for?
You wouldn't have known
shit about that gold
if it hadn't been for me.
I figure that entitles me
to a little bit more
than 10%. don't you?
- hell. no.
- super fly this. motherfucker.
Hey! Hey. man!
Hey. that's my gold. man!
That's my gold!
Hey. motherfucker. that's--
[ Groans ]
[ Wood cracking ]
[ Beeping continues ]
Hey!
You better get outta here
while you've got a chance.
Bradlee. you okay?
I was afraid you guys
didn't get out.
I went down the chimney
and got out through
the furnace.
- now get outta here.
- where's don?
He's dead.
Blew up with the gold.
I'm tellin' you. you better
get out of here before
them niggas catch you.
What about you?
They don't care about me.
but they will kill you.
Now move.
Come with me. man.
I can't keep up.
Come on.
Get outta here. Run.
Don't worry about me.
Go on. Move!
Move!
Go on. Run!
[ Grunts ]
Yeah.
[ Laughing ]
[ Man ] ¶How Many Bullets
Can your back hold
suckin' from the HK. ¶
¶The Red Dot's On Your Dome
From the light ray ¶
¶Boom. Bam. Bust
Oh. damn. kid
you head is a pile of pus ¶
¶I'm Kickin' Up Much Dust
The brother ya can't trust ¶
¶This Is My Hood. My Gold
My turf. my stash. my grip ¶
¶Whatever The Hell
It's worth ¶
¶I Don't Need Nobody
Comin' in my territory ¶
¶Tryin' To Rip A Brother Off
And kill the damn sob story ¶
[ Man # 2 ] ¶Take A Good Look
See. I'm nothin'
but a jacker ¶
¶About To Feel The Wrath
Of a greedy-ass cracker ¶
¶Pale As Snow
So you know
the punk stand out ¶
¶Comin' In My Hood
With his hand out ¶
¶Tryin' To Get Over
On the black ¶
¶But The Gold Mack
Will but a damn slug
in his back ¶
¶And With The Boom. Ping. Ping
It ain't no thing to blast ¶
¶On Greedy Little Suckers
That trespass ¶
¶ [ Indistinct ]
[ Man #1 ]
Kick it. cube.
[ Man #2 ]
¶Olly. Olly Outcome Free
Here comes the g ¶
¶I'm Saggin'
And enter the dragon
like bruce lee ¶
¶I Gots To Get Mo' Money
Mo' money ¶
¶Can't Get Sex
With no money ¶
¶See. I'm Kinda Greedy
'Cause all my heroes ¶
¶Got Zeros In Back Of A One ¶
¶Here's My Gun
About to get paid at last ¶
¶But Now I'm Gettin' Covered
In dirt and grass
kick it ¶
[ Man #1 ]
¶The Madder I Get
The higher the debt ¶
¶The Deeper You Get
The thicker the sweat ¶
¶'Cause I'm A Brother
With fat clout ¶
¶But Ya In
But ya gotta get back out ¶
¶No Easy Job
For some suckers
that's out to rob ¶
¶Crosshairs On Your Dome
And your mind's blown ¶
¶You Wanna Go Home ¶
¶Ain't That A-- ¶
[ Echoing ]
¶Bitch ¶
¶Cube. Dig This Pitch ¶
¶The Bitch Was Bad ¶
¶I Got A Full-time Job
Of takin' suckers out ¶
¶Breakin' 'Em Off
Yeah. word
I love revokin' clout ¶
¶Test Me. Stress Me
Who could the best be ¶
¶The Teflon Nine
Go through vests. g ¶
¶Yep ¶
¶But When You're Greedy
You don't care
about life itself ¶
¶You Chasin' Extreme Wealth ¶
¶You Can't Be Trusted
'Cause trust ain't in
the damn game ¶
¶Scandalous
Is your middle name ¶
[ Man #2 ]
¶I'm The Black Brother
You're stuck with ¶
¶Ice Cube. A.KA.
The wrong brother
to bump with ¶
¶I'm Rich
Pitchin' a bitch
about gettin' mo' ¶
¶The Big Fish
Swimmin' in big dough ¶
¶You G Backstabber ¶
¶I Got To Have A
Lexus coupe when I troupe ¶
¶With A Ski Mask
Gotta get the cash ¶
¶My Homeboy Ain't Home
So now I'll trespass ¶
[ Echoing ]
¶Trespass ¶
¶ [ Fades ]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm